nox and README: log PIP_CONSTRAINT value and add Dependency file docs (#730)
ansible/ansible-documentation: README.md

  nox -s spelling -- -w -i 3
  ```

## Dependency files

`nox` sessions use dependencies from requirements files in the `tests/` directory.

> Each session has a `tests/{name}.in` file with *direct* dependencies and a lock file in `tests/{name}.txt` that specifies exact versions for *direct* and *transitive* dependencies.

Author: I changed what was italicized now that you've reworded this. The main part is the exact versions.

```suggestion
Each session has a `tests/{name}.in` file with direct dependencies and a lock file in `tests/{name}.txt` that pins *exact versions* for both direct and transitive dependencies.
```

The lock files contain tested dependencies that are automatically updated on a weekly basis.

If you'd like to use untested dependencies, set `PINNED=false` as in the following example:

```

> PINNED=false  nox -s "checkers(docs-build)"

Author: There's one too many spaces here.

```suggestion
PINNED=false nox -s "checkers(docs-build)"
```
